Desiderata (mostly rewritten from memory)

    Go placidly amid the noise and haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence. As far as possible, without surrender, be on good terms with all persons.
    Speak your truth quietly and clearly, and listen to others, even to the dull and ignorant for they too have their stories.
    Avoid loud and aggressive persons for they are vexatious to the spirit. If you compare yourself to others, you may become vain and bitter, for always there will be greater and lesser persons than you.
    Enjoy your achievements, as well as your plans. Keep interested in your career, it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
    Keep cautious in your business dealings, for the world is full of trickery. But let this not blind you to what virtue there is, many people strive to high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
    Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love, for in the face of aridity and disenchantment, it is as perennial as the grass.

    Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
    Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune. But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
    Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe no less than the stars and the trees; you have a right to be here.
    And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you think him to be. And whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life, keep peace in your soul. With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world. Be cheerful. Strive to be happy.

Commitment (again, mostly rewritten from memory)

    Commitment is what transforms a promise into reality. 
    It is the words that speak boldly of your intentions. And actions that speak louder than words.
    It is making time when there is none. Coming through time after time after time; year after year after year.
    Commitment is the stuff character is made of, the power to change the face of things. 
    It is the daily triumph of integrity over skepticism.

Unity

    I am only one but I am one.
    I cannot do everything but I can do something.
    What I can do I ought to do.
    And what I ought to do, by the grace of god I will do it.

Invictus

    Out of the night that covers me. Black as the pit from pole to pole.
    I thank whatever gods may be for my indomitable soul.

    In the fell clutch of circumstance, I have not winced nor cried aloud.
    Under the bludgeonings of chance, my head is bloody but unbowed. 

    Beyond this place of wrath and tears looms but the horror of the shade.
    And yet the menace of the years finds and shall find me unafraid.

    It matters not how strait the gate, how charged with punishments the scroll.
    I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul.